README.md, before:

# IIB Utilities

A set of ansible plays to fetch an IIB (Image Index Bundle, aka a container created by the operator sdk
that contains a bunch of references to operators that can be installed in an OpenShift cluster)

Run `make lookup` to see which IIBs are available.

Typically IIB are pre-release stuff that lives on some internal boxes. What these scripts do is fetch
the IIB internally, mirror it to the registry inside the cluster, parse all the needed images and mirror
those to the internal cluster registry and then set up the registries.conf files on all nodes so
that the images used are the ones pointing to the internal cluster.

## Usage

### OCP 4.13 and onwards

Since 4.13 supports an internal registry that can cope with v2 docker manifests, we
use that. Run `make iib` with the following environment variables set:

* IIB=492329
* KUBEADMINAPI=https://api.mcg-hub.blueprints.rhecoeng.com:6443
* KUBEADMINPASS="11111-22222-33333-44444"

### OCP 4.12 and previous versions

Due to the lack of v2 manifest support on the internal registry, we use an external
registry. Run `make iib` with the following environment variables set:

* IIB=492329
* REGISTRY=quay.io/rhn_support_mbaldess/iib
* REGISTRY_TOKEN=<username>:<token>


## Useful commands

* List all images uploaded to the internal registry:

    oc exec -it -n openshift-image-registry $(oc get pods -n openshift-image-registry -o json | jq -r '.items[].metadata.name | select(. | test("^image-registry-"))' | head -n1) -- bash -c "curl -k -u kubeadmin:$(oc whoami -t) https://localhost:5000/v2/_catalog"

Commit message:

Allow easy override of the operator name

README.md, after:

# IIB Utilities

A set of ansible plays to fetch an IIB (Image Index Bundle, aka a container created by the operator sdk
that contains a bunch of references to operators that can be installed in an OpenShift cluster)

Run `make lookup` to see which IIBs are available.

Typically IIB are pre-release stuff that lives on some internal boxes. What these scripts do is fetch
the IIB internally, mirror it to the registry inside the cluster, parse all the needed images and mirror
those to the internal cluster registry and then set up the registries.conf files on all nodes so
that the images used are the ones pointing to the internal cluster.

## Usage

By default the operator to be installed from the IIB is `openshift-gitops-operator`. You can override this through the `OPERATOR` env variable.

### OCP 4.13 and onwards

Since 4.13 supports an internal registry that can cope with v2 docker manifests, we
use that. Run `make iib` with the following environment variables set:

* IIB=492329
* KUBEADMINAPI=https://api.mcg-hub.blueprints.rhecoeng.com:6443
* KUBEADMINPASS="11111-22222-33333-44444"

### OCP 4.12 and previous versions

Due to the lack of v2 manifest support on the internal registry, we use an external
registry. Run `make iib` with the following environment variables set:

* IIB=492329
* REGISTRY=quay.io/rhn_support_mbaldess/iib
* REGISTRY_TOKEN=<username>:<token>


## Useful commands

* List all images uploaded to the internal registry:

    oc exec -it -n openshift-image-registry $(oc get pods -n openshift-image-registry -o json | jq -r '.items[].metadata.name | select(. | test("^image-registry-"))' | head -n1) -- bash -c "curl -k -u kubeadmin:$(oc whoami -t) https://localhost:5000/v2/_catalog"
